docs: mention admonition quirks with Prettier (#6135)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-admonitions.mdx

:::

> ## Usage with Prettier

Author: I'd have used an admonition to relay this message but there are already so many example admonitions on this page people probably won't notice a non-example

Reviewer: That's hard🤦‍♂️Maybe we should wrap the demo admonitions in `<BrowserWindow>` instead? But the current solution looks fine

> If you use [Prettier](https://prettier.io) to format your Markdown files, Prettier might autoformatting your code which results in invalid the admonition syntax. To avoid this problem, add empty lines around your content. This is also why the examples we show here all have empty lines around the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [Prettier](https://prettier.io) to format your Markdown files, Prettier might autoformat your code to invalid admonition syntax. To avoid this problem, add empty lines around the starting and ending directives. This is also why the examples we show here all have empty lines around the content.
```

Author: Thank you, I should have proofread it 🤦🏻
